welcome my name is lisa and now i'm
going to talk about
lost girls and love hotels
margaret is an american expatriate
living in tokyo
japan she works at a japanese flight
academy
during the day teaching prospective
flight attendants how to pronounce
english she spends her nights getting
drunk with fellow expatriates ines and
liam and seeks out submissive sexual
encounters with random men in the city's
numerous love hotels
her nightly misadventures cause her to
show up to work in a daze and disheveled
drawing the concern of her instructor
nakamura
one day margaret crosses paths with a
yakuza
enforcer named kazu and the two begin a
relationship
margaret is at first taken aback by
kazoo's revelation that he is about to
get married
but she gives in to him when he admits
that his marriage is more out of duty
than love
margaret confides to kazu that she does
not have a family
her father left when she was a child her
mother passed away from cancer
and she has a schizophrenic brother and
that she came to japan to be alone
on the day of graduation for margaret
students at the flight academy
kazu asks margaret to spend the entire
day with him in kyoto
initially reluctant to skip graduation
margaret
agrees when he says he will not get
another day and they take the train
he brings her to the kia mizudera temple
and shows her the
buddha's womb a stone illuminated at the
end of a pitch black tunnel
kazu explains the symbolism of being
reborn reaching the stone and brought
margaret they're hoping to help her let
go of her trauma
but margaret seems unaffected on the
train ride back to tokyo
kazu leaves the train while margaret is
asleep
leaving her despondent and desperate to
find him when she wakes up
when she returns to work she finds that
she has been let go and replaced for
skipping graduation
margaret spirals down further when ines
reveals to her that she is leaving japan
following numerous thankless sexual
encounters
margaret finally spots kazu with his
family by chance
one day and follows him into a love
hotel
kazu reprimands margaret for following
him
telling her nothing can happen between
them
when margaret insists that she loves him
they have sex one more time before he
sends her away
leaving him saddened and conflicted when
margaret returns to her apartment to
find an eviction notice
she desperately takes a job as a bar
hostess for drunken businessmen
but finds herself uncomfortable and
leaves without getting paid
now homeless and at rock bottom margaret
runs into liam's girlfriend louise
who reveals that liam had been deported
after sharing a drink with louise
margaret gets drunk and begins wandering
around tokyo aimlessly at night until
she takes notice of a strange man
following her and asks him to take her
to a love hotel
she strips naked and lies on the bed
where the stranger ties her up
when he suggests that he could kill her
she begs him to do it before
kazu comes into the room to rescue her
having followed her
grateful for being rescued margaret
decides to start anew by leaving tokyo
on the plane margaret notices tamiko
one of her former students as her flight
attendant and they smile at each other
while tamiko demonstrates safety
procedures
margaret calls kazu to tell him she now
understands the symbolism of the
buddha's womb and finally feels reborn
before
saying goodbye for good thank you all
for watching
don't forget to subscribe and hit the
bell notification for more of these
videos